---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1 - Module & Team Introduction"
date:   2022-10-23
---

## Background:

We were assigned into our teams for the (COMP0016) Systems Engineering Module. We have been partnered with St Margaret's Hospice, and will be working over the course of this academic year to develop a solution to a real-world problem given by our assigned industry project partner.

## Team Introduction:

Having completed our first meeting and introductions, we had created a team using Microsoft Teams to hold meetings with each other and our client as well as a GitHub organisation; to share our development process.

We had each listed the dates and times we were available to meet with our client during the week in order to organise a slot which would best fill everyone.

## Client Communication:

As groups and project partners had been allocated fairly late in the week, we were unable to organise a meeting with our client this week. However we were able to finalise the timings for our weekly meetings and the client had requested that a brief be sent prior to any meetings in order for everyone to be prepared and efficiently use the time. We also agreed to skip weeks in which there is very little to update on.

## Project Brief:

The main purpose of the project, is to have donor journeys mapped, where each donor will have an original 'source’. St Margaret's Hospice,  (rely heavily on donations, hence they require an easy to use visualisation tool)

## Next Steps:

The team will research more into the initial project brief and prepare a set of questions in order to gather thorough requirements needed in our solution.
